in this video we'll show you just how
easy the trioxin aider is to use when
you first receive your trioxin aider we
encourage you to fully read and
understand the operating instructions
before your first use this is a valuable
resource if you ever have any questions
regarding the use and care of your
trioxin aider it is very important that
you go online to follicles hair comm to
register your trioxin aider for the free
one-year limited warranty
you will need your trioxin ater serial
number which is located on the bottom of
the handle follow the instructions on
the follicles hair comm website to
register extended warranties are also
available for purchase when you remove
the trioxin aider from its box identify
that you have your trioxin aider battery
charge cord and operating instructions
open your operating instructions read
carefully and understand fully before
placing somewhere safe for future
reference should you need it
your next step is to charge the battery
unit inside your trioxin ater locate the
interior plug located on the inside of
the handle plug the battery charge cord
into your trioxin Eider then plug the
cord into a wall outlet to charge you
will see a c' indicating that your
trioxin aider is charging do not use
your trioxin aider until it displays a
full charge do not try to use your
tracks later while it is still plugged
into the wall outlet as it will not
operate while it's still in charging
mode your display will tell you when
your try out Schneider needs charging by
flashing an e for empty when it's ready
to use it will display an F for full
battery your initial charging time
should be approximately four hours your
fully charged trioxin aider should last
for approximately eight sessions of 15
minutes each
the best way for you to determine the
right setting for your trioxin aider is
to assess your comfort level as you use
it as each person is different try each
setting choosing the setting that
provides a gentle and pleasant tingling
sensation your chosen setting on the
trioxin aider should never feel
unpleasant or uncomfortable what you're
looking for is a massaging and soothing
yet stimulating experience during the
entire 15 minutes of application it is
important to keep in mind that the
effectiveness of the enhanced try oxy
plant is the same whether you choose
level 1 or 5 the levels determine the
amount of tingling and stress relieving
sensations you'll experience your
trioxin aiders should be set at your
desired setting and with one hand gently
apply your trioxin ater to your scalp
with a gentle massaging motion applied
the triops meter in a circular fashion
you will find that this gentle circular
motion is quite relaxing and you should
experience a very light tingling
sensation
keep your trioxin ater constantly moving
do not stop to concentrate the treatment
in one area as it doesn't work in this
way you want to make sure all of the
triops meter probes are in contact with
your scalp while not applying undue
pressure keep this comfortable amount of
contact and motion for a period of 15
minutes your trioxin aider should turn
itself off after about 15 minutes which
is the optimum time for each session
do not use any topical treatments for
hair loss when you use the trioxin ater
now that you've completed your 15
minutes locate the display on the top of
your trioxin Eider press the button to
turn off the power if your unit has not
automatically shut off now is a good
time to check your probes for any dirt
or scalp oils and then clean them
accordingly we recommend using a soft
cotton or a microfiber cloth with a very
small amount of mild disinfectant gently
wipe the glass probes with the cloth to
clean after you clean your trioxin ater
make sure your trioxin aider is kept
away from children and stored in a cool
dry place do not use your Triax inator
in the shower or bathtub
if you have additional questions
regarding the use charging storage or
cleaning of your trioxin ater please
visit